Files updates (#283)
enebular/docs: en/Files/FileSettings.md

---
lastUpdated: 2019-01-24
---

# File Settings {#File settings}

Files have the following settings.

## File {#File}

The file to upload to enebular.

- The maximum file size is 500MB.

## Name {#Name}

The asset name of the file.

## Description {#Description}

The description of the file.

## Deploy Directory {#Deploy Directory}

The directory name when deploying.

- This will be the directory name under enebular-agent's `ports/<port>/assets` directory. 

> - For example, when using the AWS IoT enebular-agent port and uploading a file called `hige.txt` with a deploy directory of `hoge`, the file will be saved as `ports/awsiot/assets/hoge/hige.txt` under enebular-agent.

Reviewer: 日本語に合わせるなら

```suggestion
- For example, when using the AWS IoT enebular-agent port and uploading a file called `foo.txt` with a deploy directory of `bar`, the file will be saved as `ports/awsiot/assets/bar/foo.txt` under enebular-agent.
```
